README.md, before:

# Cypress

Cypress is a simple node-based Python editor.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GRAYgoose124/cypress/main/screenshots/cypress_1.png)

It utilizes [NodeGraphQt](https://github.com/jchanvfx/NodeGraphQt) for the node editor, and `Qt.py` for Qt bindings.

## Installation
    > poetry install

with pyside2:

    > poetry install [-E pyside2]

On windows you may need to install the latest Graphviz to your PATH and install pygraphviz with something akin to:

    pip install --global-option=build_ext --global-option="-IC:\Program Files\Graphviz\include" --global-option="-LC:\Program Files\Graphviz\lib" pygraphviz

[Qt.py](https://github.com/mottosso/Qt.py) is a wrapper for common Qt backends, please make sure you install one yourself. Cypress was developed with PySide2 and it can be installed by including the extras `pyside2`.

### Run
    > cypress

#### Usage
Most useful, `TAB` will allow you to add nodes and the right-click context menu will allow you to discover other shortcuts. Double click a node to add it to the properties view.

- Output nodes can be used to extract results and send them to the embedded iPython

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GRAYgoose124/cypress/main/screenshots/cypress_2.png)

Commit message:

ALternate setup.py and generated requirements.txt from poetry.

README.md, after:

# Cypress

Cypress is a simple node-based Python editor.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GRAYgoose124/cypress/main/screenshots/cypress_1.png)

It utilizes [NodeGraphQt](https://github.com/jchanvfx/NodeGraphQt) for the node editor, and `Qt.py` for Qt bindings.

## Installation
### Poetry
    > poetry install

with pyside2:

    > poetry install [-E pyside2]

### setuptools
This depends on a requirements.txt which was generated by `poetry export --without-hashes --format=requirements.txt > requirements.txt`. As such, you may not be getting the best packages for your system.

    > pip install .

On windows you may need to install the latest Graphviz to your PATH and install pygraphviz with something akin to:

    pip install --global-option=build_ext --global-option="-IC:\Program Files\Graphviz\include" --global-option="-LC:\Program Files\Graphviz\lib" pygraphviz

[Qt.py](https://github.com/mottosso/Qt.py) is a wrapper for common Qt backends, please make sure you install one yourself. Cypress was developed with PySide2 and it can be installed by including the extras `pyside2`.

### Run
    > cypress

#### Usage
Most useful, `TAB` will allow you to add nodes and the right-click context menu will allow you to discover other shortcuts. Double click a node to add it to the properties view.

- Output nodes can be used to extract results and send them to the embedded iPython

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GRAYgoose124/cypress/main/screenshots/cypress_2.png)
